Title: Unsound Search with Policy and Value Networks in Legends of Code and Magic

URL Source: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2609.06816v1

Published Time: Wed, 09 Sep 2026 01:34:06 GMT

Number of Pages: 6

Markdown Content:
# Unsound Search with Policy and Value Networks in Legends of Code and Magic 

Dustin Rubin 

Georgia Institute of Technology 

Atlanta, Georgia, USA dustin.rubin5050@gmail.com 

Abstract —Decision-time search in perfect and imperfect information games with enumerable belief states are effective methods for game AI. Collectible card games are imperfect information games with large belief states. Legends of Code and Magic is a collectible card game competition where the belief states are ∼2101 . The Legends of Code and Magic (LoCM) champion, ByteRL, plays with no search. Other works claim sound enumeration-based search is unusable in the genre due to the number of belief states. We measured three previously defined properties that predict where theoretically unsound perfect information Monte Carlo’s defects are cheap and found LoCM sits in the favorable region. Starting with imitation learning of the runner-up policy, NeteaseOPD, we created a policy and value feed-forward net-work. Our agent searches over worlds sampled from a prior over the opponent’s deck built from the runner-up’s drafts. Using our strictest configuration in the battle phase we beat ByteRL with a win percentage of 51.35% 95% CI [50.37, 52.33], over 10,000 pre-registered games using the LoCM official referee and time limit. Search is not a minor factor on the matchup between our agent and ByteRL. Without search this agent scores 26.8% and adding search adds +24.6 points. Unsound search in imperfect information games could be exploitable. We replicate a published best-response attack against ByteRL. We then apply the same attack protocol to two search configurations of our agent, and each one resists it better than ByteRL at every iteration. In LoCM unsound search gives us a stronger and more resilient agent. 

I. I NTRODUCTION 

In collectible card games (CCGs) players construct a deck of game pieces and draw from it as a shuffled pile. They are imperfect information games where players keep their hand and deck contents secret. CCGs also have massive state spaces as hand contents and deck order create a combinatorial number of states. Player actions can leak hidden information about their hand. Search at both training and decision time has been used in work that resulted in superhuman performance in perfect information games like Go [1] and imperfect information games like poker [2]. Legends of Code and Magic (LoCM) is a CCG designed to include many of the challenges of CCGs but also simplify building AI agents. In its 1.5 version it involves a pool of 120 randomly generated cards. Then players must construct a 30 card deck with no more than 2 copies of any card [3]. This emulates players creating and battling in the constructed format but with a card pool that cannot be memorized. In this paper we evaluate the battle phase of this competition runner-up imitation only + decision-time search 

020 40 60 

> win vs. ByteRL (%)

26.8 

> n=497

51.4 

> n=10,000 pre-reg. +24.6

(a) Beats the champion, official referee (Wilson 95% CI)  

> parity 50.4

05

turns before end 

40 60 80 100 

> worlds agree (%)  PIMC WORKS PIMC FAILS
> skat, hearts Kuhn poker
> LoCM

(b) Leaf correlation 

0.50 0.75 1.00 

leaf correlation 

0.0 0.5 1.0 

> bias
> PIMC FAILS PIMC WORKS
> Kuhn poker
> skat, hearts
> LoCM

(c) Correlation × bias map 

2.5 5.0 7.5 

battle turn 

60 80 100 

> log 2 worlds (bits)

(d) Disambiguation      

> 00.5 1worlds kept per move (median)
> PIMC WORKS FAILS LoCM skat Kuhn poker

Fig. 1. Figure A shows the uplift of decision time search on our imitation learned NeteaseOPD policy certified on the official referee within the time limit. a is the certified win rate of our most restrictive agent vs ByteRL with and without search with the zoom in showing the CI is above 50%. The other diagrams show the empirical factors that support PIMC working well in LoCM. Disambiguation shows the number of consistent states shrinking as actions are taken, leaf correlation shows determinizations not flipping the outcome and also shows minimal bias. 

in isolation. Deck construction is fixed and identical for both players (Section IV). Even though we are fixing the deck, one axis we study is how much information the agent assumes about the opponent’s deck list. Even when the agent knows the opponent’s list, as in many competitive CCG tournaments, hand and draw order still create a combinatorial state space. The leading policy in LoCM is ByteRL [4], which chooses to abandon decision-time search using only a fixed policy with a recurrent neural network. It also does not use training time search as they found that it did not improve the policy versus spending more time generating games. This is due to the limitations of sample throughput of the game simulation arXiv:2609.06816v1 [cs.AI] 6 Sep 2026 during training. At decision time ByteRL is purely a single evaluation of the history of actions and the current state. Current leading sound search algorithms for imperfect in-formation games are ReBeL [5] and Student of Games [6]. Both require enumeration of states, which proves intractable in CCGs. Sound sampling methods such as Monte Carlo CFR [7], [8] are too slow to converge with high numbers of states. Perfect information Monte Carlo (PIMC) [9] is also acommon approach to use for agents working on imperfect information games. It is known to be theoretically unsound due to strategy fusion and non-locality [10], yet it has powered effective play in trick-taking games [11], [12]. Long et al. [9] showed empirically that in certain game structures these algo-rithm defects often do not affect correct play. We measured LoCM game tree using those empirical prop-erties (Fig. 1b–d) and found that leaf correlation is high, bias is near .5, and disambiguation is strong. These three factors mean that theoretically unsound search on this CCG is similar to other games where these defects do not affect correct play. This gives us some empirical support and jus-tification for exploring this type of search on this game and potentially more broadly across CCGs where leading sound search algorithms are not effective. We build an engine that is orders of magnitude faster at evaluating moves than gym-locm. Also rather than training new models we use imitation trained policies utilizing feed forward policy and value networks of both the runner up and top models from the competition using supervised learning on their self play games to be able to have a starting model similar in performance to those competitors. Our engine also supports efficient sampling of consistent worlds utilizing a prior filtered by the game rules. This method is supported by a partial filter ensuring sampling from consistent worlds instead of using a recurrent neural network over time. Utilizing these tools we measure the per-formance enhancements utilizing sampled search over possible worlds and show how a network imitating the runner up with theoretically unsound search beats the champion within the official time limit (Fig. 1a). We also show how much stronger the leading policy can be utilizing this search. On perfect information games exploitability has been shown to be harder against agents utilizing search [13]. One potential downside of utilizing a theoretically unsound search is that the final policy could be stronger in a vacuum but more exploitable. To test the exploitability of this new agent we replicate a published best response attack against ByteRL and then use that same best response attack against our new policy and show that our policy is more resistant to this attack at all iterations. II. R ELATED WORK 

A. Agents for Legends of Code and Magic 

LoCM was built for AI competitions [3], cards are proce-durally generated per game so agents must generalize over card properties. Classic search won competitions under the fixed 1.2 rules. Learning agents took over in 1.5, the version we are exploring. gym-locm gave RL baselines for the battle phase [14]. ByteRL [4] won both the COG 2022 tracks using industrial scale training and no search at inference. Haluška and Schmid [15] beat it with a win rate of ∼90% with a best-response attack. 

B. Sound Search in Imperfect-Information Games 

Extending sound search to imperfect information games has been pursued by DeepStack [2] using CFR [16], and with alpha zero like self-play training by ReBeL [5], and Student of games [6]. These all resolve subgames over explicit belief distributions. All of these require their belief states to be enumerable, such as hold ’em poker’s 1,326 possible pairs. A CCG’s hidden state is combinatorially large. In LoCM 

∼2101 at battle start is too large to enumerate. Prior LoCM work makes the infeasibility claim explicit saying enumeration based search “rendering the current search methods unusable” [15]. ByteRL’s reasoning for lack of training-time search is different and is based on sample throughput [4]. 

C. Determinized Search 

PIMC [9] first determinizes into W worlds and then searches each with perfect-information methods and then aggregates. It has two main defects, strategy fusion and non-locality [10]. However, it still is able to give strong play in bridge [11] and skat [12]. Long et al. measured which game structures make the defects not matter to performance. We measure those structures for LoCM. Determinized search reached CCGs before in MtG [17], ISMCTS [18], Hearthstone [19], [20], LoCM bots [21]. None of these were evaluated against a scaled-RL state of the art agent. For robustness in Go, search partly resists adversarial policies [13]. Poker’s LBR probe [22] vs DeepStack is the closest imperfect-info evidence. 

D. Relation to Prior Work 

Versus sound search, sampled belief does not enumerate all consistent states and thus operates where sound search cannot. Versus the exploitability study we replicate and explore how our strategy increases search defenses. III. M ETHOD 

First we reimplement LoCM rules and RL training env in a new Rust engine. Using LLM based coding and extensive testing creation of this engine is automated. The new engine has a few properties, first is speed. The engine simulates 443 × more games per second than the reference gym-locm implementation. This makes search more feasible at runtime within the tight per move runtime but also allows use of training imitation policies of the leading policies on cheap hardware. The second utility of this new engine is its ability to do efficient determinization with full control over the distribution of randomness. This allows the agents to eliminate known impossible states as well as use a prior to predict the opponent’s hand. The headline claims against ByteRL do not depend on the correctness of this engine. All certified numbers were run on the official competition engine with referee, our agent received an isolated process where it uses this reimplemented engine to search using only the information it has available. This engine is still used for several of the other tests and to ensure correctness extensive testing is done comparing that games play exactly the same. 

A. Observation and Action Encoding 

We adopt the ByteRL encoding of the state and actions. Sharing this simplifies behavior cloning of the algorithm by letting us do supervised learning over self-play games using our engine. We use the same per-card atoms and action space as ByteRL. Our nets are feed-forward over the current state rather than an LSTM like ByteRL. Our networks only ever see their own player’s cards. 

B. Search 

Since LoCM players complete an entire turn before passing back to their opponent we search possible turns using beam search. The search ends when the plans end in a pass. Next we sample W worlds from a prior over the opponent’s remaining hand and deck. The opponent’s exact deck is not known so we test various possible distributions. Assuming uniform over the available draftable pool, picks based on rivals picks from the pool (alone or mixed 50/50 with uniform), picks based on assuming the opponent chose the same cards as us, or the exact decklist provided by the opponent (this is often common in commercial CCG competitions). Next we roll out one opponent reply turn and score the resulting state with the value head. We average scores across worlds and the plan with the highest average is executed. When the clock is in use worlds are evaluated in chunks while still under a 185 ms budget, a safety margin under the 200 ms timer. This is essentially PIMC with the policy and state valuation coming from learned networks. The certified agents runs beam 24, seven expansions, and worlds up to 384 under the clock. 

C. Training 

For training all networks trained are dual-head with a policy and value and are initialized by behavior cloning. Using our engine we have the teacher create a self-play corpora, then we train both heads jointly. We use cross-entropy on the action chosen by the teacher to train the policy head. We use regression on the value head to predict the game outcome. We train two main lines, one based off of ByteRL self-play and a line that includes no play from ByteRL taught by the runner up NeteaseOPD and it is kept strictly separate. Data and network capacity are varied on a grid. The resulting networks without search recover most of the teacher strength unaided simply greedily using the policy head. All of our search agents in this paper are one of these networks plus the decision time search. None of our headline agents are trained or fine-tuned against ByteRL. The best-response attackers are trained against frozen defenses. IV. E XPERIMENTAL SETUP 

A. Game and Protocol 

The rules are LoCM 1.5 under the COG 2022 competition rules. We are investigating just the battle phase, so for each round we have ByteRL draft cards for both players. Both players enter battle with identical decks and then the battle phase decides the game. The player that goes first alternates between games, the seeds that are chosen are disjoint across all tests. There are two modes of play we measure. The first mode is the internal harness with no clock to do ablations of play quality and different search depth. The other we use the official referee, 200 ms move timer after the first move. In this mode our agent runs in an isolated process and talks to the official referee using the competition protocol. Our agent is given only partially observable data and uses that to construct the game using our engine and must give a response within the move timer. We call a result "certified" when we are using the mode with the official referee and timer with predefined seeds. For all certified runs we use an AWS g5.2xlarge (A10G, 8vCPU, 32 GB). LoCM did not publish a hardware spec but this is an isolated mid spec cloud computer. Hardware speed can affect how much runtime search is possible and thus slightly different hardware configurations could improve or hurt our agent. For non certified runs hardware is more flexible as execution speed was not part of the evaluation. How much budget was available for certified runs depended on hardware strength. 

B. Corpora 

To generate play data that we use for imitation learning of the top policies first we use our engine mode along with their play to generate 80k games of ByteRL self play (36k of which are used for training) and 126k games of NeteaseOPD self play. NeteaseOPD is the COG 2022 runner-up. This is run as a self play protocol using its published policy. We also use this policy as a way to generate a belief prior Section III for actual play. For early self-play corpora we use temperature-sampled decisions, these are excluded from value targets. 

C. Certification 

To ensure certification of games was fair we use a cloud compute instance to make sure both agents can perform without interruption. To ensure we are never violating the 200 ms timer we ensure that all moves are run within the per move time limit and that no move exceeds the timer. All certified results are in disjoint seed blocks to ensure no unfairness from seeds. Win rates at 1000 games could move ±3 points under these tests which is a large amount of variance. Using the approximated win rate without the official judge we determined how many games would be needed to have a confident result. Every interval is a Wilson 95% CI. Before running certification the config, number of games and seed block were chosen. 

D. Attack Protocol 

Following the protocol of [15], the attacker is a policy fine-tuned against the frozen defense on a fixed pool of 32 decks. The search defenses are run with the opponent’s list known. To make the attacks as strong as possible every attack runs to 12 24 48 96        

> beam width
> 50.0 52.5 55.0 57.5 60.0 62.5
> win rate (%)
> +6.05 pooled
> p= 0.0001 , replicated
> (a) Plan beam
> 16 32 64 128
> worlds W
> saturates above W32
> (b) Worlds sampled Fig. 2. Here we explore varying (a) plan beam width and (b) worlds sampled as beam search raises it continues to improve. Worlds sampled saturates at around 32.

convergence with a plateau verified by oscillation. We report the win rate as mean of the last 5 along with a peak. We replicated this against ByteRL and received a peak win rate of 97.0% and a similar replicated converged rate of 90.1% to the paper’s 90.4%. 

E. Game-Structure Measurement 

To test factors with Long et al. parameter measurement in Fig. 1 we do self play with the NeteaseOPD trained net with no search. We use 32 fixed decks with 600 games. For disambiguation we measure the log2 count of consistent opponent hidden states. For leaf correlation, we sample two consistent worlds under uniform belief and play each out and if there is the same winner they have more leaf correlation. For bias we check how often the first player is the winner of those near terminal outcomes across the sampled worlds, with 0.5 meaning no lean. V. R ESULTS 

A. Certified Results Against ByteRL 

With knowledge of the opponent’s deck and the policy trained from ByteRL known search defeats the champion with a win rate of 60.4% using 500 certified games. To perform our strictest test we use our NeteaseOPD self play and remove all knowledge of the opponent’s deck using the NeteaseOPD prior mixed 50/50 with a uniform distribution and it still certifies at 51.35% [50.37, 52.33] over 10,000 games. Note that this number of games was precomputed based on estimated win rate of the players and was a fixed number of games that were intended to be played. The margin is created by the search. The same network playing policy argmax certifies at 26.8% so search is worth 24.6 points. Note there is first player advantage in the matchup, the agent wins 54–56% going first and 46.6% going second but results were made with an even amount of both players going first. 

B. Search Budget Ablations 

We test various configurations of search to see what is most effective. We find that candidate-plan beam size from 12 to 96 continues to increase strength. We find that beyond 32 worlds                               

> TABLE I CONVERGED EXPLOITABILITY (250-ITERATION PPO BEST RESPONSE ,
> THIS IS THE MEAN OF LAST FIVE EVALUATIONS )AND HEAD -TO -HEAD STRENGTH . T HE HEAD -TO -HEAD NUMBERS ARE INTERNAL RUNS AT
> W=64 FOR BOTH ROWS ,WITH THE UNIFORM BELIEF FOR THE FIRST AND THE RUNNER -UP PRIOR FOR THE SECOND . T HE EXPLOITABILITY RUNS USE W=16 AND W=64 WITH THE OPPONENT ’S LIST KNOWN ,SO COMPARE WITHIN A COLUMN AND NOT ACROSS .Defense h2h vs. ByteRL converged peak ByteRL (no search) ∼50 90.1 97.0 plan search, W=16 50.5 61.9 65.0 plan search, W=64 56.6 69.3 74.5

adding more does not increase performance. More depth does not increase agent quality. Most of the value of the search is immediately gained by evaluating plans. This leads to the idea that coming up with a full plan for the turn and evaluating the result is one of the main driving factors of the increased performance. 

C. Belief About the Opponent Deck 

If our agent knows the opponent’s exact list it gives a clear advantage to our search. With a uniform assumption we achieve a win rate of 50.5. We get 56.6 with our agents having the runner-up prior. If we know their exact list we get 59.6. 

D. Training Data and Model Size 

We also measure how much raising model size and data does on performance of our agents. What we find is that quadrupling training data moves win rate 8 points for both a 2.5M and 10M parameter model. Model size does not seem to be a contributing factor to performance at this level of games and for imitation learning. This means that a smaller model that can run faster and more parallelizable may allow a larger search budget under time constraints. Validation loss does show capacity x data interaction but none of it converts to wins. 

E. Exploitability 

We first replicate an attack against ByteRL and find that adding search cuts converged exploitability by 21 to 28 points. Note that for exploitability testing we do not use the official certification budget and instead use W =16 /64 this is less search than can be achieved in the time limit in the certification. The certification resistance to exploitability is unmeasured. This shows that against this attack this unsound search reduces exploitability. VI. D ISCUSSION AND FUTURE WORK 

A. Game Structure and Determinized Search 

Long et al.’s three properties predict PIMC works, we measure them and find that all three support this game being one where PIMC works. Disambiguation is strong, as players play the cards in their hand the number of consistent belief states shrinks dramatically. This is likely consistent across CCGs. Bias is near neutral. Leaf correlation is high supporting that consistent worlds tend to agree on a winner, this may be 0 50 100 150 200 250         

> PPO iteration (512 games each)
> 20 40 60 80 100
> attacker win rate (%)
> ByteRL (no search) plan W= 64
> plan W= 16
> Best-response attack vs. iteration Fig. 3. Best-response attack win rate over 250 PPO iterations and the three defenders. The attack on ByteRL reaches 90% within 50 iterations, while both search configurations hold the attacker. The defenses run at W=16 /64 which is far below the certified budget.

because most games are not decided by a showdown of having or not having a particular card in your hand, but this could be different across CCGs. World samples also saturate at just 32 implying that a sample of that size is already predictive of good strategy and with leaf correlation where it is is a good guide for action selection. 

B. Decision-Time Compute Under the Competition Limits 

The competition capped decision-time resources (200 ms clock, 256 MB RAM) but not training compute. The incum-bent’s main advantage is scaling on an uncapped axis. We show just how valuable decision time compute can be in this type of competition. On memory our agent peaks at ∼0.9 GB and ∼535 MB with no search at all. We exceed the 256 MB and the champion does not. This is a real limitation but the memory cost of our inference runtime (libtorch) alone exceeds the cap before any search runs, and the champion peaks at 

∼37 MB. It is possible that optimizations could bring this memory usage down. It is worth noting that this competition was played on unspecified hardware and the hardware choice may not have considered the combination of parallel runtime search utilizing GPU inference. The clock which we do consider we compete fairly within the competition’s limit. In terms of having the strongest agent runtime search on top of the existing training runs provides a clear advantage. 

C. Imitation Fidelity, Head-to-Head Strength, and Robustness 

Imitation fidelity does not directly translate to playing strength. This could also be due to the value net saturating and that combination of a saturated value net plus plan search may be the primary driver of performance even if the policy has more to learn. Head-to-head playing against other agents does not translate to robustness against the best response attacks. We see that agents that are closely matched are 28 points apart against a best response learner. Our unsound search buys that even for an even policy. 

D. Measuring a Small Margin 

Measuring the minor edge our agent has against ByteRL required a large amount of games as the actual win rate has a ±3 over 1000 games. To do this in a valid way we created the certification protocol with a pre-registered number of games and based on estimated win rate ran large competitions between the agents. 

E. Limitations 

We focus solely on the battle phase without considering the draft phase. Our memory exceeds the competition cap and so this entry could not be an official competition entry. It is also unclear if the official competitions supported GPUs which we rely on for the parallelism needed to run our algorithm within the time limit. Based on the entrants it is possible that all neural network inference ran on CPU and thus we would hit limitations on hardware. Exploitability was one run per defense. The certified agent’s exploitability is not measured and likely higher. Our structured PIMC efficacy measurements focused on just 32 decks. 

F. Future Work 

For future work moving this algorithm to see if it general-izes to stronger play in other CCGs. Also testing out sampled sound variants of search to evaluate if higher quality play could be achieved. VII. C ONCLUSION 

Prior work concluded search is infeasible in CCGs because of belief enumeration. State of the art plays without it, sampling, while unsound empirically adds generic win rate strength to these agents. Determinized search, PIMC, over consistency filtered beliefs beats the state of the art agent ByteRL under the official referee and clock, 60.4%, with the opponent’s deck known. 51.35% shows our agent’s final win rate over 10,000 pre-registered games without utilizing any of ByteRL data. The margin comes from enabling search, +24.6 points over the network’s raw policy. That same decision-time compute buys robustness. The attack that beats ByteRL at 90.1% but converges to 62–69% against both search agents. All of the evaluation choices tilt towards ByteRL. We allow it to draft both decks so synergy with its policy and deck could give it an advantage. We never train against ByteRL or condition on its play, our belief prior comes from the runner-up’s drafting choice, and the clock caps exactly the resource our agent converts into playing strength. A rules engine gives our agent an advantage in that a policy must spend time approximating the consequences of card interactions and the set of hidden worlds still consistent with play and supplies both at decision time. LoCM’s structure is measurably where PIMC defects are cheap. Unsound search at decision time over sampled beliefs is a practical way to improve agent strength and robustness in a domain where sound search cannot extend to. ACKNOWLEDGMENTS 

Utilized AI assistance with coding, review and minor gram-mar and spelling of writing. REFERENCES [1] D. Silver, A. Huang, C. J. Maddison, A. Guez, L. Sifre, G. van den Driessche, J. Schrittwieser, I. Antonoglou, V. Panneershelvam, M. Lanc-tot, S. Dieleman, D. Grewe, J. Nham, N. Kalchbrenner, I. Sutskever, T. Lillicrap, M. Leach, K. Kavukcuoglu, T. Graepel, and D. Hassabis, “Mastering the game of Go with deep neural networks and tree search,” 

Nature , vol. 529, no. 7587, pp. 484–489, 2016. [2] M. Moravˇ cík, M. Schmid, N. Burch, V. Lisý, D. Morrill, N. Bard, T. Davis, K. Waugh, M. Johanson, and M. Bowling, “DeepStack: Expert-level artificial intelligence in heads-up no-limit poker,” Science , vol. 356, no. 6337, pp. 508–513, 2017. [3] J. Kowalski and R. Miernik, “Summarizing strategy card game AI competition,” arXiv preprint arXiv:2305.11814 , 2023. [4] W. Xi, Y. Zhang, C. Xiao, X. Huang, S. Deng, H. Liang, J. Chen, and P. Sun, “Mastering strategy card game (Legends of Code and Magic) via end-to-end policy and optimistic smooth fictitious play,” arXiv preprint arXiv:2303.04096 , 2023. [5] N. Brown, A. Bakhtin, A. Lerer, and Q. Gong, “Combining deep reinforcement learning and search for imperfect-information games,” 

NeurIPS , 2020. [6] M. Schmid, M. Moravˇ cík, N. Burch, R. Kadlec, J. Davidson, K. Waugh, N. Bard, F. Timbers, M. Lanctot, G. Z. Holland, E. Davoodi, A. Chris-tianson, and M. Bowling, “Student of Games: A unified learning algorithm for both perfect and imperfect information games,” Science Advances , vol. 9, no. 46, 2023. [7] M. Lanctot, K. Waugh, M. Zinkevich, and M. Bowling, “Monte Carlo sampling for regret minimization in extensive games,” in NeurIPS , 2009. [8] V. Lisý, M. Lanctot, and M. Bowling, “Online Monte Carlo counterfac-tual regret minimization for search in imperfect information games,” in 

AAMAS , 2015. [9] J. Long, N. R. Sturtevant, M. Buro, and T. Furtak, “Understanding the success of perfect information Monte Carlo sampling in game tree search,” in AAAI , 2010. [10] I. Frank and D. Basin, “Search in games with incomplete information: A case study using bridge card play,” Artificial Intelligence , vol. 100, no. 1–2, pp. 87–123, 1998. [11] M. L. Ginsberg, “GIB: Imperfect information in a computationally challenging game,” Journal of Artificial Intelligence Research , vol. 14, pp. 303–358, 2001. [12] M. Buro, J. R. Long, T. Furtak, and N. R. Sturtevant, “Improving state evaluation, inference, and search in trick-based card games,” in IJCAI ,2009. [13] T. T. Wang, A. Gleave, T. Tseng, K. Pelrine, N. Belrose, J. Miller, M. D. Dennis, Y. Duan, V. Pogrebniak, S. Levine, and S. Russell, “Adversarial policies beat superhuman Go AIs,” in ICML , 2023. [14] R. Vieira, A. Rocha Tavares, and L. Chaimowicz, “Exploring deep rein-forcement learning for battling in collectible card games,” Entertainment Computing , 2023. [15] R. Haluška and M. Schmid, “Learning to beat ByteRL: Exploitability of collectible card game agents,” arXiv preprint arXiv:2404.16689 , 2024. [16] M. Zinkevich, M. Johanson, M. Bowling, and C. Piccione, “Regret minimization in games with incomplete information,” in NeurIPS , 2008. [17] P. I. Cowling, C. D. Ward, and E. J. Powley, “Ensemble determinization in Monte Carlo tree search for the imperfect information card game Magic: The Gathering,” IEEE Transactions on Computational Intelli-gence and AI in Games , vol. 4, no. 4, pp. 241–257, 2012. [18] P. I. Cowling, E. J. Powley, and D. Whitehouse, “Information set Monte Carlo tree search,” IEEE Transactions on Computational Intelligence and AI in Games , vol. 4, no. 2, pp. 120–143, 2012. [19] A. Santos, P. A. Santos, and F. S. Melo, “Monte Carlo tree search experiments in Hearthstone,” in IEEE Conference on Computational Intelligence and Games (CIG) , 2017. [20] M. ´ Swiechowski, T. Tajmajer, and A. Janusz, “Improving Hearthstone AI by combining MCTS and supervised learning algorithms,” in IEEE Conference on Computational Intelligence and Games (CIG) , 2018. [21] T. Cao, D. H. A. Khoi, P. M. Hieu, and D. Logof˘ atu, “On the application of mana curve, heuristic evaluation, and Monte Carlo simulation in bot programming,” in Artificial Intelligence Applications and Innovations (AIAI) , 2025. [22] V. Lisý and M. Bowling, “Equilibrium approximation quality of current no-limit poker bots,” in AAAI Workshop on Computer Poker and Imperfect Information Games , 2017.